Narrator: Beginbot started his life as an ordinary little boy. His life was
occupied by little more than playing with his friends and riding his
skateboard.

*Cut away to Silouhette of Dad facing the camera, with a message
stating that "The father has asked that his identity remain unknown"*

Dad: He was such a normal little boy. I remember he'd always share
with his mother and I when he'd managed to do the latest trick on his
skateboard. We never really understood the names of the tricks, but
his friends really seemed to appreciate them.

Narrator: But life was about to drastically change for little boy begin and his
family.

Dad: He ways always learning. He had such an inquisitive mind and we
tried our best to expose him to things that would challenge him and
help him grow intellectually. We wanted the best for him.

He would always get engrossed in whatever we showed him, quite
obsessively for a few weeks then usually his intrest would taper off
and we'd look for something else. 

Narrator: It was during one of these cycles that family friend Jim
recommended that they let beginbot try programming.

Jim: I knew that his Mum and Dad had been struggling to find something
to really capture his attention; I knew from personal experience that
programming was a stimulating hobby and would be a great fit for
beginbot.

Narrator: Beginbot quickly became infatuated with programming,
spending every minute of his free time on the family computer.

Dad: He was always on the computer after Jim recommended programming.
Looking back I guess we should have been more worried but honestly, it
was such a relief to have his attention focussed on something for
more than a week.

Narrator: Weeks became months became years as beginbot developed a
serious passion for all things computer related.

Dad: We were used to begin speaking a different language back when he
used to skateboard. But this was something else, we would only
understand every word in ten. He got very defensive of the family
computer and it was difficult for us to get on it at all.

Narrator: Then, one fateful Thursday evening, everything came to a
head.

Dad: I remember it like it was yesterday *Dad is audibly upset*...
begin was sleeping because he'd been up all night the night earlier so
I took the opportunity to check my e-mails. I started the computer up
and .. *voice breaks* .. and there it was.

Narrator: This was the first time the begin family had encountered
Arch Linux, an encounter that would leave them all changed forever.

Dad: I didn't even know how to login! I just wanted to check my
e-mails... *voice trailing off* I just wanted to check my e-mails..
 
